Filter Events(use Streams to filter the data)
 
Now we have got many event details in comma-separated format. 
But we want only specific events based on some classifications in | separated format.
Get the event details in comma separated format and get event name/event type/organizer 
and display the events with the specified details in | separated format.

Strictly adhere to the Object-Oriented specifications given in the problem statement.
All class names, attribute names and method names should be the same as specified in the problem statement.

Create a class Event with the following private attributes

Attributes	Datatype
eventName	String
eventType	String
organizer	String
Include appropriate getters and setters.
Create default constructor and a parameterized constructor with arguments in order 
Event(String eventName, String eventType, String organizer).

Include the following public methods in the Event class.

Method																				
List<Event> filterEvents(List<Event> eventList,String name,int id))	
This method takes the event list, name to be searched and type of filtering the event list.
																	
Description															
It returns the List <Event> of filtered data.
This method filters data using Lambda Expression.
Create a driver class Main to access the above classes.
 

Input Format:
The first line of input corresponds to the number of events 'n'.
The next 'n' line of input corresponds to the event details in the CSV format of (Event Name,Event Type,Orgnaizer Name).
The next line of input corresponds to the type of filtering 'm'. Types-using event name, using event type, using organizer name.
The next line corresponds to the name of filtering.
Refer to sample input for formatting specifications.

Output Format:
The output consists of filtered event details separated by  "|". If no event is there for specified search then display as "No results found".
Refer to sample output for formatting specifications.

Problem Constraints:
If n > 0 get the details, else display as "Invalid Input".
If m > 0 and m < 4 , filter the details, else display as "Invalid Input".


Note: All Texts in bold corresponds to the input and rest are output

Sample Input and Output 1:

Enter number of events
4
Enter event details in CSV(Event Name,Event Type,Orgnaizer Name)
Lulu,Fun party,William
Maazdha,Birthday,Edilbert
Shadhi Mela,Wedding,Yadu singla
Lulu,Wedding,Edilbert
Filter:
1)Using Event name
2)Using Event type
3)Using Organizer name
Choice:
2
Enter value:
Wedding
Shadhi Mela|Wedding|Yadu singla
Lulu|Wedding|Edilbert


Sample Input and Output 2:
​​​​​​​
Enter number of events
4
Enter event details in CSV(Event Name,Event Type,Orgnaizer Name)
Lulu,Fun party,William
Maazdha,Birthday,Edilbert
Shadhi Mela,Wedding,Yadu singla
Lulu,Wedding,Edilbert
Filter:
1)Using Event name
2)Using Event type
3)Using Organizer name
Choice:
5
Invalid Input